# FEToken
Introducing Endow, a decentralized endowment platform based on Ethereum.
Endow and Empower.

Problem:
Centralized personal loans and credit lending is broken. The age of startups have brought us companies that provide direct-to-consumer lending, but these platforms limit an individual by imposing credit limits, repayment, and outrageous interest rates. Content creators on sites like Youtube, Twitch and Patreon are subject to refunds, chargebacks and payment issues when accepting single or recurring donations for their work. Furthermore, sites like Kickstarter and GoFundMe limit the individual to the support of a single project rather than long term and introduce a fee for subscriptions.

Solution:
“What the industrial age did was it allowed human beings to team up in mechanistic organized hierarchical ways to create factories and production. I think the information revolution is breaking down the communication barriers. It’s saying the optimal size of the firm is shrinking from thousands, to hundreds, to dozens, maybe even to one at some point… What makes me happy is to work on a platform that creates more founders and helps those founders. Because I think at the end of the day we’re all founders, we’re all meant to work for ourselves, we’re meant to be individuals. We’re not meant to follow, we’re not meant to be in hierarchies, we’re not meant to go to 9-5 jobs where we’re told what to do over and over. And the sooner we get off the grid and self actualize and become free the better off all of humanity is.”
-Naval Ravikant

The solution is a decentralized, peer to peer financial endowment platform based on Ethereum. Endow is a decentralized application that allows Financial Endowment Token coin holders to commit monthly endowments to other members of their choice based overall attractiveness of the profile. We believe that every individual deserves the freedom to spend their time engaging in worthwhile pursuits and passions that might not have a solid monetization model. This is solved by allowing users to accept one time donations or monthly endowments and participate in a crypto-economy with supporters who want to empower induviduals like them. Users will be ranked among a leaderboard of top endowment profiles each month and will receive a percent of the bonus pool that is collected from a fee on each transaction. This incentivizes both the endower and recipient to support and empower individuals who are most likely to succeed in their passions and receive widespread support. Both ends of the endowment will also have the potential to make profits from their initial investment in FET as the price per token increases with increased network effects. A user growth pool will also be reserved to incentivise new users to join the platform.

